Liz, did you hear?
Yeah, is your brother going to be okay?
No, not that.
A new movie about Janis Joplin
is going into production.
And Sheinhardt-Universal is making it!
I know Jack can get me an audition.
So I'm going to storm into his office in character.
Yaaaaaaaay!
Oh, Liz, I knew you'd be happy for me.
Somebody's sleepy!
I am sleepy. But I'm also excited...
Hey, Max! Is this your baby sister?
What a cute, little girl!
Or boy, if you grow up and
feel that's what's inside you.
"O-M-G-", Liz. Look at you
and me and our biological clocks.
You're going baby crazy and I
keep getting turned on by car accidents.
I'm not baby crazy, Jenna.
This whole adoption thing is just
taking a lot longer than I thought, and...
Where did you get that little shoe?
It isn't stealing if it fell on the ground.
So that's the tour, Elisa.
I think you'll find being my
mother's nurse is a mixed bag.
When she's in a foul mood,
it can be horribly unpleasant.
But, at other times, she is asleep.
I understand elder care can be stressful.
Especially when the object of that care
wanders around at night in
Depression-era pettipants.
You should have seen my
grandmother in her later years.
Do you know what kind of clothes old
Puerto Rican ladies wear around the house?
No.
Me neither, because she never wore any.
But family is family. You're a good son.
Well, I do what I can for my mother.
Jack?! Somebody's got to dry me off!
He just left, Mrs. Donaghy!
I'm coming to help you!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Tracy, your friends and I
are concerned about you.
We think your spending
has gotten out of control.
Give me an example.
Well, you bought three
hours of network prime time
for your salute to Benny Hill.
Jack, you don't get it.
I don't want to spend so much.
I have to.
I'm afraid Angie will divorce me
if I ever have enough money
for her to live off of half.
So, before she can get it...
I have to spend it all on useless things,
Iike gold shoes and Grizz and Dotcom.
Well, she she's not going to
get half your money, Tracy.
What does your pre-nup say?
I don't got a pre-nup.
When Angie and I got
married, my only assets were
a toaster oven and two
tickets to a Young M.C. concert.
You need to be protected.
Let's bring Angie in here.
We'll think of something.
A "post-nup", if you will.
Something that will
bring you peace of mind.
Okay.
I'll bring Angie in.
But I'm going to tell her this is all your idea.
Don't help me! I'm too proud.
Hi! Hi!
Oh, wow!
"Hi-ya", funny.
Oh, excuse me.
Hello, there.
Did you just touch my head?
Well...
I had to do something to get your attention.
Okay. You've got it.
Yeah, I do. I like your tie.
And I like aggressive women with a nerdy vibe.
How about we grab some
coffee and explore this?
Yeah.
What?
Howdy, Jack! It's me, Janis Joplin!
And I want to audition for my
Sheinhardt-Universal biopic so bad
that I came here dressed as me.
Well, actually... I am me. So...
Well, I dressed normal.
But my friend, Jenna Maroney...
She should be my understudy.
I mean, she should audition for me.
But I'm me, now, actually.
Ongoing train wreck aside,
I love this idea. It's great synergy.
Yeah!
By putting a T.V. actress in to
the movie world, we can promote both.
It's like how we're including a "Heroes" D.V.D.
with every missile guidance system we sell.
I'll call the studio.
Yes! I am so glad that I
time-traveled here from 1969.
Whoa! What is that iron bird?
They had airplanes in the '60s, Jenna.
Oh, right.
Boy, I feel like I've just been talking non-stop.
No, you also ate quite a bit.
It's my fault for wanting
to hear all about your job.
It's just so much more interesting than the U.N.
Oh, come on. Really? You've got all the
different languages and the costumes and
that big meeting room. It must be like
working in the Galactic Senate in "Star Wars".
They are similar.
We are also very concerned about the
growing influence of the Sith Lords.
Wow.
Are you free for dinner some night this week?
Yeah. Sure. I'd love to. Sounds great.
Who was that?
A guy that I met.
Is this part of your mommy thing?
Only insofar as we met because I
touched his head thinking he was a child?
Oh, Liz.
I like him. He's smart,
he's funny, he's got a job...
Yay!
But you know what? I'm going to screw this up.
I always find a way to screw good things up.
And this one is a mine field.
Did I mention that we met
because I thought he was a baby?
He doesn't have to know that.
Oh. He can't know that.
But what if I say something stupid?
Like order a tall coffee or
talk about my Nintendo Wii?
Liz. You like this guy. You're a grown woman.
Take a lesson from Janis
and show some self-control.
How far into that biography are you?
Not very.
Why? What happens?
So, let me get this straight.
If I sign this,
and then Tracy decides to run away
with that chunky chick from "Hairspray"...
Or any female of equivalent thickness.
Then I get $8500?
That is correct.
What do I care?
I'll sign your stupid contract.
I'm never going to leave this man, anyway.
You're not?
Baby, I'm going to be
with you until the very end.
I'm going to watch you die, Tracy Jordan.
She's done it before, Jack.
Forget it! I know
you're not going to leave me.
I've got somebody who's
going to watch me die!
Tracy, let's not get emotional.
This is happening, Jack.
You can stay or you can leave.
But it's going to take a while.
Whoa! Oh, yeah!
Oh! Oh!
Uh, Liz... Jenna got the lead in the
Janis Joplin biopic that I'm co-producing.
And I want her to open the next
show with a song... from the movie.
Aw, come on, Jack.
You can't fight synergy, Lemon.
It's bigger than all of us.
Nice dress. Are you going to dinner?
Don't forget your book.
I'll have you know that
I'm having dinner with a man.
Oh.
So, Stuart...
What is it like living under a bridge?
Kenneth!
Hey, Liz. I was just telling him
about my new apartment in Williamsburg.
Under the bridge.
The U.N.? They still have that?
I could have sworn they turned
that building into a Barnes and Noble.
Like you guys in corporate
America are doing any better?
Have you learned how to say
"Do you want fries with that" in Chinese?
Jack Donaghy.
Senior V.P. for Television
and Microwave Oven Programming.
Stuart LaGrange. U.N. High Commission
on Water Temperature and Food Taint.
Huh. How... How did you and Lemon meet?
Uh... Liz, here, just saw me
on the street and went for it.
Lemon did that?
Yeah, you know me.
Spend my lunch hour walking up and down
Sixth Avenue... Iooking for a hot meal.
Okay. Classic Lemon man-eater.
Cat sound.
Well, nice to meet you, Jack.
Yeah.
There he is! I owe you, Jackie"D".
When I'm on my death bed,
Frenching my wife, I will think of you.
Please don't.
No, no. Not again.
This is real, people! This is not a drill!
Let's go! Yeah!
Oh, God!
Tracy! My back!
Oh, baby! You're hurting my back!
Oh, yeah!
I just want you all to know as I
prepare to venture into "movie-dom",
that an actor is only as good as the words...
Oh, my thing is on! Everyone, shut up!
Shut your mouths!
Breaking news now about
a new Janis Joplin biopic.
Julia Roberts has agreed
to play the tragic singer...
- What?
- ...Billy in a film directed by Martin Scorsese
and written by the best
screenwriter in the world.
Whoever that is.
The announcement is a huge
blow to a competing project
from Jenna Maroney and Steven Spielberger.
That's right. "Spielberger".
Here's Maroney on a windy day.
Oh!
Don't turn it off, Miss Maroney!
They haven't shown that good
news you were telling us about.
Because that all seemed like really bad news.
It's 7:00. Why
don't I hear my mother yelling
"go home" to the Asian
contestant on Jeopardy?
Because she's asleep.
Really?
How did you do that?
She fought me at first.
But I find that authoritative,
rapid Spanish subdues white people.
Well, I'm heading out for the evening.
Oh, I forgot.
Somebody dropped that off for you earlier.
Oh, good God.
Oh. Gold shoes.
My nephew just joined the Marines
to try to pay for college, but...
that's fun.
No, no. They're from Tracy Jordan.
I tried to get him and his
wife to sign a pre-nup.
But all it led to were pledges of
ever lasting love and devotion. It was...
ridiculous.
What's ridiculous about love?
Well, the idea of depending on one person
for the rest of your life is irrational.
You come in alone. You go out alone.
That's the saddest thing I ever heard.
There's nothing sad about it at all, actually.
I have a great life.
Tonight, I'm going out
with a Fox News correspondent.
We'll have some dinner, some laughs, some sex...
Not necessarily in that order.
But I'm not counting on
spending the rest of my life with her.
So, what's your plan? Get old? Die alone?
In an empty room with your gold shoes?
That's what happens to most of us.
At least I'm prepared.
Without getting into specifics,
my exit involves a McFlurry machine
and a videotape of risqué
commercials from overseas.
Well, I don't even know what to say to that.
Except that in Puerto Rico,
a McFlurry is called a "Señor Flurry".
This guy makes "badhushas".
They're like an Indian doughnut.
They're amazing.
Careful, buddy! It's hot!
Are you trying to pick me up
to keep me from touching fire?
Kiss me.
Wait a minute.
When you first met me,
did you think I was a child?
Yes, I did, sir.
Unbelievable.
I knew I should have listened to my friends.
Kofi said you were too good to be true.
"Not ah" told me to
wait three days before I called you.
And yet, here we are.
Was anything even going to
happen between us tonight?
No.
But... But not because of your size.
It's because I have a thing about intimacy.
I'm the weird one. I'm weirder than you.
How am I weird?
You're not. That came out wrong.
You came out wrong.
Oh, and I lied about your show.
I have seen it.
Be careful crossing the...
The lady will be having the tasting menu,
but with some substitutions.
Instead of, uh... any of it...
she'll have a cup of hot
water with a chicken bone in it
and a bowl of salted ice cubes.
A towel, sir?
I have something on my ball.
Mint?
Good morning.
Morning, everyone.
Are you all right? You look very pale.
I'm fine.
Had a good hour's sleep last night.
Took a few showers.
Is there anything you want
to talk about? I am a nurse.
It's nothing. It's embarrassing.
More embarrassing than your CD collection?
I didn't know Michael
Bublé had that many albums.
If you must know,
I found a lump.
On your testicle?
Let me see it.
No, thank you, I think I
have it under control --
What?
You're talking so fast
Is that the subjunctive?
How did you do that?
I told you I was a professional.
And you forgot to put on your underpants.
So, uh... any big plans for your day off?
I'm going to Prospect Park.
It's my god-daughter's quinceneara.
Oh, it's kind of like a debutante... ball?
Hm. You did that on purpose.
I did.
Well...
there is something there.
It could be a number of things.
You should get it checked out by a doctor.
Thank you for telling me what I already know.
You should work for The Huffington Post.
I'm sorry.
I'm sure you have
friends or family you can call.
I'm fine.
Oh, please. Don't try to be Señor Macho Solo.
Which is actually what we call a "McRib" sandwich.
I'm fine.
I'm handling this... all alone.
Jack.
What are they doing about
this Julia Roberts movie?
Aren't people over her? I mean, come on!
Jenna, you're single like me.
Do you think we need some mythical
soul mate to hold our hand through life?
Why? Do you want to get married? I'll do it.
What?
Uh... Uh, no. Uh... Uh, never mind.
Uh, the movie's going to work out fine.
We're very close to securing
Janis Joplin's life rights.
Close?
I'm supposed to sing one
of her songs Friday night.
Do we at least have the music rights?
Uh... Yes and no, Jenna.
Yes, I'm talking. Uh, no,
we do not have the music. But I'm on it.
It's all going to be fine.
Hello?
Stuart, it's me.
Uh... Look, Liz. I'm really busy right now.
I just wanted to apologize for the other night.
But I didn't get a chance to explain myself.
I'm... kind of baby crazy...
...of late.
Socially inept and baby crazy.
I feel like I'm in a beer commercial.
Yeah, I get it. I'm a piece of work.
But I really like you.
And if you gave me another chance,
maybe this could be something.
Liz, at this point in my life,
"maybe" just isn't good enough.
Okay, here's a thought.
Did you see the Sex and the City movie?
Once again, Liz, I am an adult man.
Okay. Well, Miranda and Steve were
having issues because Steve cheated...
Oh... So bored.
But the point is...
...they decided to take a break
and then meet up at the
Brooklyn Bridge at such-and-such a time
if they wanted to stay together.
- Maybe we could do the same thing?
Brooklyn Bridge this Saturday? 2:00 P.M.?
Okay.
But for whatever reason...
...if I don't see you there...
Take care, Liz Lemon.
You too.
Oh. And can you transfer me to
the Italian ambassador's office?
Because I'd "like-a" to
"make-a" the prank phone call.
Please hold.
Jack. What are you doing here?
I wanted to come by and
thank you for all your help.
I wasn't sure what you were serving,
so I brought a '65 Moët
and some "Pizza-Blasted" Pringles.
That was very thoughtful.
And I'm sorry if I was rude the other day.
Oh, you were not being rude.
You were just being stupid.
Did you go to the doctor?
I had a biopsy and I'm waiting for
the results. So I'm handling it.
Good. I'm glad.
Excellent. So, uh... Here you go.
Thank you.
Jack, would you like to stay?
I don't want to impose.
Oh. Come on.
Oh. Why, thank you. Okay.
Oh, thank you so much.
All of these people are your family?
Why are they smiling so much?
Who's being ostracized?
Everybody, this is my friend, Jack.
Hey. I need to ask your advice about Stuart.
We decided to do this whole
"meet-me-at-the-Brooklyn-Bridge-
if-you-still-want-to-be-together" thing
from the Sex and the City movie?
They do that a lot in movies.
An Affair to Remember,
Sleepless in Seattle...
And that remake of An Affair
to Remember that I was in...
"A Blaffair to Rememblack".
I just don't know what to do.
Here's what you don't do.
Be alone. We were never
meant to be alone, Lemon.
Surround yourself with people and
love and babies with pierced ears.
What is wrong with you?
I've had a crazy 48 hours.
It all started when I realized I'm probably dying.
You see, I have this thing on my testicle.
Ew, my God.
No, no, no. It's okay.
Whatever happens, it's okay.
I don't want to die alone.
And now, I don't have to.
Because...
I'm in love
with my mother's nurse.
Wow. Now you have what me and Angie have.
Minus the hypertension.
Jack, slow down.
Have you been to a doctor?
No, I'm waiting for the results of a biopsy.
We went to this picnic.
Lemon, have you ever had a piragua?
It's exactly like a snow-cone,
except they call it a piragua.
It's my doctor's office...
You take it.
No, Jack.
Please.
I'll do it.
Hello? Yes? Okay.
Thank you.
The test was positive.
No, no, no, no, no.
I mean "positive" like it's good.
The test results were negative.
Oh, I see your confusion! That is funny!
Hey.
Funny... Jack thought the
test results were positive.
# Supersonic, idiotic,
disconnected, not respected...?
# Who would ever really want to
go and top that... Top that...?
Thank you.
That was the rap song "Top That"
from the movie "Teen Witch".
Once again, I apologize
that our regular warm-up comic
O.D.'d at a gay man's apartment this morning.
Thirty seconds.
I've decided to go to the bridge tomorrow.
You've inspired me.
What if this experience hasn't changed me?
Maybe everything I was feeling for
Elisa was just neediness and fear.
I mean, can two people fall in
love over a benign gonad cyst?
Why not? It's not about where things start.
It's about where it goes.
Tracy told me that. He's kind of on a roll.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Miss Janet Jopler!
Who?
Until we get the life rights,
we have to protect ourselves.
# I'd like you to come up...
Come up... Come up and take it...?
# Break another little chunk
of my love now, mister...?
Also, uh, we didn't get the song.
I wrote this myself five minutes ago.
# You know you bought it...
If life makes you sweet food...?
Now, this, I like.
Waiting for someone?
What?
What do you think you're doing?
Oh, I'm so sorry! I
thought he was someone else!
Liz.
Wait.
Shut it down!
# Ah..?
#...Ah?
# Chunk of my lung...
Chunk of my lung...?
# And take it... Take a big old
chunk of my lung now, baby...?
# Take it... Break a big old chunk of my love...
Chunk of my love...?
# You know you bought it...
If you buy it with things... Ow...?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org